You don't get the vibrance. Yeah. Yeah. That when the ocean looks like a,
a dull, gray, even the ocean looks tired, like, Ooh.
Right. As opposed to like, if you go to, uh, Mexico, like, uh,
I went to Cancun way back in the day. And the first thing I noticed, like,
how the is the ocean that hour? Like, look how pretty it is. Yeah.
It's like a bluish green. It's gorgeous.
Yeah. Have you ever been to French Riviera? No. Oh my God.
One time went and yeah,
same thing they have with pebble beaches instead of sand. Uh, which is horrible,
but <laugh> but the water so beautiful.
Yeah. It's crazy.
Yeah. I grew up, um, in that town,
which was next to the Charles river and that Charles river went all the way
through Boston and the, the Charles river was like, disgusting, man. Like you'd,
you'd see condoms floating in it. And you'd see,
I saw one pipe and these bubbles were coming up to the surface. I was like,
what the is that? And then I saw a condom bubble up and I went, oh my God,
it's a sewer pipe.
And I realized someone was just flushing their and right into the river.
I was like, how did this happen? And I was, you know, 14. And I'm like,
what the is this? Like, how the, how am I finding this? Like,
you don't have anybody like checking to see if the pipe is pumping right into
the river. Like, oh my God, it was crazy.
So it wasn't clean by any stretch of the imagination. So to see that kind of,
uh, clean, pure, like ocean water, where like you ever, uh,
you ever heard of bone fishing, do you know what that is? Mm-hmm,
it's a type of fishing that people do.
It's I think they mostly just catch and release 'em I don't think they even keep
most of them, but they go to Florida and the, I think The Bahamas,
I wanna say The Bahamas and, uh,
they on these like special boats that are like, uh, these, uh,
boats you can stand on and they're fly fishing for this fish that looks like
it belongs in the stone age. This weird,
cool looking fish called the bonefish see if you could pull up a picture of it.
I don't know why we're talking about this. That's how high I am.
<laugh> but that's.
What they look. Oh, it's.
Cool. Is that a bone fish?
It says it's more like a Barracuda. That's a bone fish.
See, that's a bone fish. That other one was a Barracuda.
I think they just had a bad, uh, photo.
You see the differe it's it's a crazy looking Fishman and see that water behind
them. It's hard to tell from this image,
but what we're looking is really shallow water. Like at the most,
it's like three feet deep. Right.
And they're just casting out and they see these fish coming towards them and
they catch it. It's supposed to be like super, super exciting.
You do a lot of fishing. I don't do a lot of fishing, but I love fishing.
It's fun. But this is fun. Like, I,
I would assume I haven't done this kind of fishing bone fishing,
but that's what people, people love,
like seeing a fish coming and going and biting your lure.
Like it's very exciting. Yeah. It sounds exciting.
But look how clear that water is? No, there's no condoms. There's no condoms.
Just bone Fest.
I was watching a video today of a guy jumping with scuba gear on,
into the garbage patch. It's the middle of the Pacific ocean. You know,
I had knew, I knew that it was supposed to be like horrific, but once you,
when you see it in a video, you watch and just go,
what the is this?
This guy put scuba gear on and jumped into this. I mean, it was plastic.
You couldn't see anything, but plastic everywhere.
You looked to the left and the right. It was all plastic. Like, this is huge.
Like, like several states, large. Yeah. This,
this is what humans are doing to the ocean. This is, this is, uh,
would you see him jump in? And it's almost, did they show him jump in?
Or is this a different video? This a different video?
Probably a different video, but yeah, this is a different video.
Cause the other one, the guy starts out on the boat and, and dives in.
And what he dives into is just like plastic soup. It's disgusting,
man. It's crazy. Yeah. Like this <affirmative> um,
so there's this guy that we had on the podcast name is Boyn slot and he created
a device that he's using to try to, uh,
pull the plastic out of the ocean. And they'll maybe convert that plastic into,
you know, things that we can use. And, um, there,
I don't think it worked on first attempt, but they're, they're relaunching it.
Right. Didn't need, they had to do something to fix things they're, you know,
still in like sort of the prototype stage,
but it's gonna have these machines or just giant nets that move around through
the ocean and catch all this plastic. It, yeah. Just I,
how to stop it from getting fish. That's a very good question.
I don't think there's any fish living in there. Um, I bet a lot of fish, um,
have eaten that stuff though. Guaranteed.
There's probably a lot of fish with plastic in their stomachs. Oh,
a hundred percent. Yeah, man. That's gross. I mean, what,
what kind of gets in their system? And then when you eat that fish,
what kinda are you getting in your system?
Like how many people were testing their fish? <laugh> you know, I mean,
how many people are, uh, before they eat a salmon, they're like, hold on,
let me check for mercury. Let see how much arsenics in this.
See kind of heavy metal port.
What sets up BPS that they're worried about that come from?
What is the stuff they're worried about?
That comes from bottles when it get yeah. BPAs or something like that.
That sounds right. Yeah. I wish I knew what that meant. The, I guess they did.
There's a video out their first results from November.
I don't know what he's saying. Oh, so this is their first, uh,
their first actual pulling of the garbage, you know,
listen, man. Even if it takes 10 years, if, if they could figure out a way to,
to get rid of all that plastic and we could figure out a way to not put that
plastic in the ocean,
we can maybe what I really worry about almost as much as this,
maybe even more is overfishing.
When you realize how many different ships are out there, mm-hmm,
<affirmative> using giant nets and just scooping everything.
They catch inside that net mm-hmm <affirmative> and then just serving it to us.
And we were like, oh, you wanna get sushi? Yeah. Sushi sounds good. You know,
we're like, so cool. Sushi sounds good. It's ocean genocide. I mean,
it's chaotic, man. They don't have real. I mean, they don't have real control.
It's international waters.
People are just cutting nets and dropping 'em to the bottom of the ocean and
they catching things all the time. There's nets all over the place out there.
People just release their nets. They just litter.
Like you're always,
you've been very conscious about like what you eat and what like sustainability
a lot lately.
Right? Well, I think sustainability. Yeah. I do think about that a lot. Um,
I don't know if I'm that conscious of it.
I'm definitely guilty of not being sometimes mean I'm hungry. I'm.
Extremely unconscious about it. I wish I was more conscious about it.
Cause I'm one put in my faith. It makes me all sad.
Yeah. I'm more conscious about what I eat than I am, uh,
sustainability in terms of like what the quality of what I eat.
I'm more conscious about that. I should be more conscious about sustainability,
but sometimes it feels like, um, what does this, what he showing me here?
Is that a crocodile? God. No. What is that says a big,
big catch with an exclamation. Mark is the name of this.
Vehicle's got 40 million views on YouTube. It's a net that's full of stuff.
Oh, they caught a net. Oh this is oh a net. This is a fishing boat. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh Jesus. Yeah. Look at that. Look how it works. They just scoop up every thing.
That's in that ocean.
It's really amazing that they fit. I mean, what a horrific place to be.
If you're a fish,
imagine if fish were like super smart <laugh> and this
is their demise. I mean,
this is an insane net filled with living creatures that we're going to eat.
Not it's just tilapia, relax. God, you're getting so dramatic.
<laugh> look at that. It's a crazy bundle
of these ocean creatures. And how often does this happen? A day? Is it all day?
I bet it is. I bet. This is all day. I bet.
This is all day for years and years and years and years.
And I don't think they take time off. I think they keep going.
And if they're not there, someone else is there too. I think this is happening.
As long as they can make money, uh, selling fish and we're willing to buy fish.
It's kind of insane. You.
Think people ever feel bad about it? Those people feel bad. Maybe.
It's possible. They're not monsters. Right? If they, they might develop a.
Well, that guy just stepped right on a fish though. Yeah. They.
Get desensitized. I'm sure, man.
You know, he doesn't feel like he cared.
At all. Well, this is crazy. I mean, this is not a,
person's supposed to be able to catch a fish or a two fish or three fish and
then you eat it. <laugh> like, this is chaos, man.
This is some crazy thing where you have,
have to make filet of fish sandwiches because there's, you know,
320 million people and a hundred of them,
a hundred million of 'em want junk food anytime they want it. I mean,
I don't know if that went to filet of fish or if that's, uh, expensive fish.
I really have no idea. I'm just talking. Don't listen to me. But,
and I also eat fish, so I'm a hypo. Great. Yeah.
But it is kind of crazy when you watch this video and I'm not a, you know,
I, uh, I'm not opposed to you eating fish,
but I'm just saying the reality of what this is is, is crazy.
This is a crazy scene and to not deny, it's a crazy scene,
I'm still gonna eat fish. You know, I feel, I feel awful about this.
It does slightly make me want sushi.
I looking at this it's crazy when I was a server, like a big question question,
people would always ask, is it farm raised or is it wild caught? Yeah. And like,
this is wild caught versus farm raised.
I don't know why it would make a giant difference. It seems.
Like bad either way. Yeah. It's hell no matter what for these organisms,
but they're delicious and they're really good for you.
<laugh> <laugh> but the how,
how are they gonna ensure that there's gonna be some left? That's what's crazy.
Like the, the human governments need to get together and go, Hey,
we can't kill the whole ocean. Cuz that is possible.
If you keep going at the pay that it's going now,
if you really stop and think about what the ocean must have been,
like when you hear about those, uh, Japanese, tuna, fishermen, like, uh,
did you see J dreams of sushi?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> remember when those gentlemen were at the fish market and
they were talking about what it used to be like used to be tuna everywhere,
so much tuna and now like a small amount and you gotta check to see if it's
good. Like they're watching it happening and old time,
if you go from that point where that guy was talking about to today and then go
50 years from now at the same pace, like.
Yeah, no, you gotta be.
But it seems like that it wouldn't be that hard to be more conscious about it.
Well it, the very least they have to take into consider the fact that, uh,
they need to maybe develop some sort of an international program to breed these
things. Yeah. You know, to, to, to like they they've done that with yellow tail.
They have these like, uh,
ocean sort of almost like a like corralled in area and they're out in the
ocean, but they're only in this one trapped area and they're feeding 'em and
occasionally they'd get out. Like they get those yellow tails in Hawaii.
There was a storm and the storm wrecked their little enclosure and they got out
now they're everywhere. So all these hamachi grade like sushi grade,
yellow tails are swimming around all over the place outta Hawaii's my favorites.
And they're breeding. They're getting bigger. Yeah. It's, it's crazy.
It's interesting. But, but I was thinking when they were telling me that well,
so if that's what they did,
like maybe they should do that and just keep releasing them.
Maybe it should be a program that all the people who buy sushi fund into
that just takes a little piece of the sushi money and uses it to develop
these programs, to make sure that these fish keep breeding.
So you can have more sushi.
I think people have pay extra for that. Right. Then they would,
then they would feel good. They yeah. Feel a.
Little better than me. You helping out. Yeah.
That's what I think we can leave this next. Next, next, next generation.
Have a real good possibility of like making things work out better.